Now, welcome to the section on threads versus tasks.
Now, in the last section we have seen how data can be passed from
a worker thread to the parents thread using promises and futures.
A disadvantage as already stated of this approach is that it is very cumbersome to
use and also it involves a lot of so-called boilerplate code.
That means you, as a programmer,
must write a lot of code to accomplish only comparatively minor functionality.
Now, if you only want to quickly return data or an exception from worker to parent,
there is a much simpler way using standard async instead of standard thread.
Calling async generates something called a task which is a high level construct
where the system can decide whether to run it in parallel or asynchronously,
and you as a programmer merely state that the code which is
executed by the task in this case can,
in principle, be paralyzed.
If it's really paralyzed and after all is going to be decided by the system.
Also, there's a lot of overhead involved with creating and managing threads.
There are many jobs where threads can speed up things,
but there are also situations where all the overhead does
not improve runtime performance but even worsens it.
This is where we will also make some experiments in this section to take
a close look at runtime performance of concurrent programs.
So have fun with this section and see you down below again.